1.13.x
======

1.13.0 (2022-11-01)
-------------------

Breaking
~~~~~~~~

Make all internal functions private.

Features
~~~~~~~~

Add ``tag_filter`` option (:github:issue:`68`, :github:issue:`69`). Thanks to :github:user:`vortechs2000`

Dependency
~~~~~~~~~~

For Python 3.11 use built-in ``tomllib`` instead of ``toml`` package.

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Add documentation about fetching package version in runtime (:github:issue:`55`).
- Add description for some functions.

1.13.1 (2022-11-13)
-------------------

Features
~~~~~~~~

- Build and publish sdist package again (:github:issue:`72`, :github:issue:`49`).
- Allow to install package from ``.tar.gz`` without ``--no-build-isolation`` flag (:github:issue:`72`, :github:issue:`49`).

Dependency
~~~~~~~~~~

Get rid of ``deprecated`` package dependency (:github:issue:`72`).

CI
~~~

- Publish development releases to `Test PyPI <test.pypi.org>`_.
- Use ``pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`` Github action to publish releases to PyPI.
- Remove local part of version because it is not allowed in PyPI.

1.13.2 (2023-02-26)
-------------------

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Recommend users to use file-based schema instead of tag-based due some cases (:github:issue:`77`, :github:issue:`75`).
- Add small example of ``.gitignore`` file to common issues section (:github:issue:`17`). Thanks to :github:user:`aram-eskandari`.
- Improve examples of fetching package version in runtime (:github:issue:`55`).

1.13.3 (2023-03-14)
-------------------

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Move ``zip-safe`` option to ``tool.setuptools`` section of ``pyproject.toml`` (:github:issue:`78`).

Thanks to :github:user:`cclecle`.

1.13.4 (2023-07-31)
-------------------

Feature
~~~~~~~

Declare PyPy 3.10 support.

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Update documentation to mention shallow clone issues (`:github:issue:83`).

CI
~~~

Push release using ``Trusted publishers`` feature of PyPI.org.

1.13.5 (2023-08-08)
-------------------

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~

Import ``setuptools`` before importing ``distutils`` (:github:pull:`84`). Thanks to :github:user:`tjni`.

1.13.6 (2024-01-30)
-------------------

Features
~~~~~~~~

Declare Python 3.12 support.

Improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Remove useless warning if ``tag_filter``, ``tag_formatter`` or ``branch_formatter`` is a regexp instead of function reference (:github:issue:`93`).
